Add HOW-TO's and rearrange guides' structure (#3010)
elixir-ecto/ecto: guides/howtos/Aggregates and subqueries.md

# Aggregates and subqueries

Now it's time to discuss aggregates and subqueries. As we will learn, one builds directly on the other.

## Aggregates

Ecto includes a convenience function in repositories to calculate aggregates.

For example, if we assume every post has an integer column named visits, we can find the average number of visits across all posts with:

```elixir
MyApp.Repo.aggregate(MyApp.Post, :avg, :visits)
#=> #Decimal<1743>
```

Behind the scenes, the query above translates to:

```elixir
MyApp.Repo.one(from p in MyApp.Post, select: avg(p.visits))
```

> The `aggregate/3` function supports any of the aggregate operations listed in the [Ecto Query API](https://hexdocs.pm/ecto/Ecto.Query.API.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `c:Ecto.Repo.aggregate/3` function supports any of the aggregate operations listed in the `Ecto.Query.API` module.
```

ExDoc will take care of linking.
